The basis of the functions came from Copilot's suggestions, however it became clear very quickly that I needed to add more to them. I promted it using the name of the funtion and a comment about the function's purpose. From there it would make a suggestion and I would refresh it to see if it's proposals changed or if it was set on one.

I found that while Copilot was able to provide the skeleton of the functions, it could not get everything that I needed, and so there was a lengthy process of figuring out how to make the code work with what little it was actually able to automate. An example of this is in the invalid varible cleaning function, I ran into a lot of errors trying to figure out how to mkae it work before I added the to numeric aspects. These changes are needed becuase while Copilot can understand the vague purpose of youe code, it does not know your intentions and it cannot really see how different parts of the code work together. 

What I learned about data cleaning in Python is that it is much more difficult than it looks given the multiple chnages that were being made and how that effected my ability to debug the code. As far as using Copilot, it is clear to me that while it is a good resource for getting started, it cannot assist much with more involved work. I say this becuase of how when I was creating some of the functions that needed column names, it would suggest old ones or ones that didn't correlate to the actual data. This matters because the column names had been recently augmented, and so in order to keep the code working properly they needed to be updated to as they were, rather than what they seemed to be. This scenario showed me that Copilot doesn't seem to have a way to keep track of the changes that go on over blocks of code, which can be a serious limitation.
